CloudPods docs revamp (#202)
localstack/docs: content/en/tools/cloud-pods/_index.md

---
title: "Cloud Pods"
weight: 10
categories: ["LocalStack Pro", "Tools", "Persistence"]
description: >
  Cloud Pods provides a new way of collaborating in cloud application development workflows.
---

> Cloud Pods are a mechanism that allows you to take a snapshot of your local instance, persist it to a storage backend, and easily share it with your team members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Pods are a mechanism that allows you to take a snapshot of the state in your current LocalStack instance, persist it to a storage backend, and easily share it with your team members.
```
